for a very close future it is believed that political emancipation is
inevitable santiago- north and project in the city planned and very well
structured in the district of paranatinga santiago do norte is born a village with
traced to a large planned city
and with a good infrastructure
lots are coming up fast
offering investors excellent basic conditions like running water
in underground electrical power network
with an eye on an organized urbanization the grounds are divided into
residential and industrial sectors
two broad and wide avenues are open in the middle of the plain of santiago
numerous plates and strips the stainless steel
future installations can already be seen in the
and attracts more and more investors to the locality of northern santiago
is projected for the future of progress and development
investments made here in the region.
is reflected in an intense movement of people today I am here in the village
rush is not only the people are coming is going to be a treatment for nothing
of these people is coming from behind the government is an invasion as it happened
springs the swiss government ubs
in a difficult time today, these people are coming to this afternoon and they will have German TV
ard companies to set up
lilo income for the progressive that is the new agricultural frontier of mato grosso
already dead
what are the expectations for the next few years
as the economic potential that in the last seven years
as I said a few days ago the processor
an interview with benfica tv
stealing from the people who are accompanying us fighting the governor as
our senator
the staff of the game's team valéria if the forecast in the region may have
some order of 10 to 15 years above 30 thousand inhabitants
the stages of allotments that are open have been exhausted quickly
a total of 800 680 lots are already sold and many of them with works
already in progress in our next reports on the 'progress of
northern santiago
you will see how the progress of the works of br 2 4 2
the west-central railroad that reaches the state of rondônia and the entire
tourism potential of the region, the crisis affected
Natural Beauties
that enchanted
who is arriving in the district of paranatinga santiago do norte